README.md, before:

# svg-progress-bar
> A simple,progress bar for Vue.js

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/gruntjs/grunt/master.svg) ![LICENSE MIT](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/express.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/svg-progress-bar) ![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/svg-progress-bar.svg)
                                         
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://ss1.bdstatic.com/70cFvXSh_Q1YnxGkpoWK1HF6hhy/it/u=2176389216,1520905711&fm=27&gp=0.jpg" width="350"/>
</p>                                          
<p align="center">
    📘 <a href="https://chenxuan0000.github.io/svg-progress-bar/" target="_blank">Online demo</a> |
    🌾 <a href="./document/README.md">Chinese Document</a>
</p>

## Browser support
| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/edge.png" alt="IE" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>IE | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/firefox.png" alt="Firefox" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Firefox | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/chrome.png" alt="Chrome" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Chrome | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/safari.png" alt="Safari" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Safari | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/safari-ios.png" alt="iOS Safari" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>iOS | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/chrome-android.png" alt="Chrome for Android" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Android |
|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|
| IE9+ | &check;| &check; | &check; | &check; | &check; | &check;

## What is svg-progress-bar？
`svg-progress-bar` is a based on [circles](https://github.com/lugolabs/circles) of the secondary development of project vue components

## Features
* [x] zero dependence, small volume.
* [x] currently supports loop/rectangle progress bar.
* [x] ongoing maintenance

## Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm install svg-progress-bar --save
```

## Usage
### ES6
> Specific reference [example-src/App.vue](https://github.com/chenxuan0000/svg-progress-bar/blob/master/examples-src/App.vue)

```js
import Vue from 'vue'
import vueProgressBar from 'svg-progress-bar'

new Vue({
  components: {
    vueProgressBar
  }
})
```

### normal use (script tag)

Example:
> Specific reference [test/test.html](https://github.com/chenxuan0000/svg-progress-bar/blob/master/test/test.html)
```html
<html>
<head>
  ...
</head>
<body>
  <div id="app">
    <svg-progress-bar></svg-progress-bar>
  </div>
  <script src="vue.js"></script>
  <script src="svg-progress-bar"></script>
  <script>
    new Vue({
      el: '#app'
    })
  </script>
</body>
</html>
```

## Configure options
|key|description|defualt|options|
|:---|---|---|---|
| `type`|type of the progress bar|`'circle'`|`'circle'` `'rect'`|
|`radius`|radius of the circle progress bar|`50`|`Number`|
|`circleWidth`|stoke-width of the circle progress bar|`10`|`Number`|
|`circleLinecap`|circleLinecap of the circle progress bar|`''`|`'round',''`|
|`maxValue`|maxValue of the progress bar|`100`|`Number`|
|`text`|text of the progress bar|`function (value) {return this.htmlifyNumber(value)}`|`Function`|
|`textColor`|text color of the progress bar|`#000`|`color`|
|`pathColors`|pathColors of the progress bar|`['#EEE', '#F00']`|`Array`|
|`gradientColor`|gradientColor of the progress bar|`null`|`Array`|
|`gradientOpacity`|gradientOpacity of the progress bar|`[1,1]`|`Array`|
|`duration`|duration of the progress bar|`500`|`Number`|
|`rectWidth`|rectWidth of the rect progress bar|`400`|`Number`|
|`rectHeight`|rectHeight of the rect progress bar|`40`|`Number`|
|`rectRadius`|rectRadius of the rect progress bar|`0`|`Number`|


## License
svg-progress-bar is open source and released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

:speech_balloon: Updating text and literals.  add circle wide ranging 更新radeMe 增加不等宽环形进度条配置

README.md, after:

# svg-progress-bar
> A simple,progress bar for Vue.js

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/gruntjs/grunt/master.svg) ![LICENSE MIT](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/express.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/svg-progress-bar) ![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/svg-progress-bar.svg)
                                         
<p align="center">
    <img src="https://ss1.bdstatic.com/70cFvXSh_Q1YnxGkpoWK1HF6hhy/it/u=2176389216,1520905711&fm=27&gp=0.jpg" width="350"/>
</p>                                          
<p align="center">
    📘 <a href="https://chenxuan0000.github.io/svg-progress-bar/" target="_blank">Online demo</a> |
    🌾 <a href="./document/README.md">Chinese Document</a>
</p>

## Browser support
| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/edge.png" alt="IE" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>IE | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/firefox.png" alt="Firefox" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Firefox | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/chrome.png" alt="Chrome" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Chrome | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/safari.png" alt="Safari" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Safari | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/safari-ios.png" alt="iOS Safari" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>iOS | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godban/browsers-support-badges/master/src/images/chrome-android.png" alt="Chrome for Android" width="16px" height="16px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)</br>Android |
|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|
| IE9+ | &check;| &check; | &check; | &check; | &check; | &check;

## What is svg-progress-bar？
`svg-progress-bar` is a based on [circles](https://github.com/lugolabs/circles) of the secondary development of project vue components

## Features
* [x] zero dependence, small volume.
* [x] currently supports loop/rectangle progress bar.
* [x] the configuration meets a variety of requirements.
* [x] ongoing maintenance

## Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm install svg-progress-bar --save
```

## Usage
### ES6
> Specific reference [example-src/App.vue](https://github.com/chenxuan0000/svg-progress-bar/blob/master/examples-src/App.vue)

```js
import Vue from 'vue'
import vueProgressBar from 'svg-progress-bar'

new Vue({
  components: {
    vueProgressBar
  }
})
```

### normal use (script tag)

Example:
> Specific reference [test/test.html](https://github.com/chenxuan0000/svg-progress-bar/blob/master/test/test.html)
```html
<html>
<head>
  ...
</head>
<body>
  <div id="app">
    <svg-progress-bar></svg-progress-bar>
  </div>
  <script src="vue.js"></script>
  <script src="svg-progress-bar"></script>
  <script>
    new Vue({
      el: '#app'
    })
  </script>
</body>
</html>
```

## Configure options
|key|description|defualt|options|
|:---|---|---|---|
| `type`|type of the progress bar|`'circle'`|`'circle'` `'rect'`|
|`radius`|radius of the circle progress bar|`50`|`Number`|
|`circleWidth`|stokeWidth of the circle progress bar|`10`|`Number`|
|`circleWidthArray`|circleWidthArray of the circle progress bar if you want wide ranging|`null`|`Array`|
|`circleLinecap`|circleLinecap of the circle progress bar|`''`|`'round',''`|
|`maxValue`|maxValue of the progress bar|`100`|`Number`|
|`text`|text of the progress bar|`function (value) {return this.htmlifyNumber(value)}`|`Function`|
|`textColor`|text color of the progress bar|`#000`|`color`|
|`pathColors`|pathColors of the progress bar|`['#EEE', '#F00']`|`Array`|
|`gradientColor`|gradientColor of the progress bar|`null`|`Array`|
|`gradientOpacity`|gradientOpacity of the progress bar|`[1,1]`|`Array`|
|`duration`|duration of the progress bar|`500`|`Number`|
|`rectWidth`|rectWidth of the rect progress bar|`400`|`Number`|
|`rectHeight`|rectHeight of the rect progress bar|`40`|`Number`|
|`rectRadius`|rectRadius of the rect progress bar|`0`|`Number`|


## License
svg-progress-bar is open source and released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
